hi I'm Mika a member of the illamasqua
art team based here in London today I'm
going to show you how you can transition
one look from dawn to dusk all using
reflection palette from the sacred our
collection with a water resistant
formula silky texture and shimmer finish
each of the palettes for neutral shades
can be worn alone or combined to create
a variety of looks I'm going to start by
creating a diffused eyebrow lightly
brush hairs in an upward direction
darken with eyebrow cake if desired and
set with brown lash gel next apply cream
pigment in hollow as a base across the
entire eye area essential to any eye
look this matte formula will prolong the
life of your eye makeup and boost color
intensity for our dawn look perfect for
daytime beauty apply soft lemon
precipice from the reflection palette
across the entire eyelid as a halo of
light I am using an illamasqua blending
brush but the palette soft texture can
also be applied with fingertips next
work acute into the outer socket line
and under the lower lash line this Ash
taupe shade provides subtle definition
for your eye shape using jet-black
precision gel liner in infinity and an
angled brush line the upper lash line
follow with several coats of mascara in
Raven
to complete your daytime look apply a
touch of rich red violet lipstick in
chard to the center of your lips to
transition the look from day to night
begin by layering graphite gray grafica
over the entire eyelid creating a
mottled effect work the color upwards
and outwards towards the hairline build
and blend as far as you dare using
infinity gel liner redefine the upper
lash line this time drawing the shape
upwards and outwards at the edges to
create a winged effect feathered false
eyelashes in lush provide unmissable
after dark drama for those looking to
take their evening look to the next
level apply Illamasqua sacred stones
across the entire
eye area using eyelash glue wait a few
seconds for the glue to go tacky before
application the crystals can be applied
to the outer eye as a subtle accent or
around the entire eye for a standout
effect